fix(world-vercel): add default request timeout to workflow-server HTTP calls (#1807)
vercel/workflow: .changeset/fix-replay-timeout-exit.md

---
"@workflow/core": patch
---

> Add hard exit deadline to replay timeout handler to prevent the function from running until maxDuration when workflow-server is unresponsive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add hard exit deadline to replay timeout handler to prevent the function from running until maxDuration when world storage is unresponsive
```
